Lao Jiang, you said that I sent the information away back then
Is it really wrong?
Hey
Madam was forced to play
Miss will understand your painstaking efforts one day
Master, let us investigate
The old man's will and your father
The documents for the car accident are all here
Thank you for your hard work. Let's go down first.
And I was right.
Is grandpa's will really forged?
I found it.
Doctor, you can't go in
Hey.
Hey, what's the matter with the young master? Did something happen to Xinxin?
He's too intrusive.
I didn't come to stay
Mom, Xingxing hasn't come home yet.
The phone doesn't get through either.
Auntie asked if you took it away
I don't have it.
No, look.
Lu family ancestral hall
It is a miracle of the Lu Jiaming Dynasty
Lu Family
want to die